okay but yeah yeah Simon Girty Tang
disini e to Vegas silica silica okay
here they come
we're great great great great
look at that as a completely different
animal back out ran back up
okay yeah yeah yeah now hopefully it'll
start to scent the meat yeah yeah it has
it's moving in the right direction you
do choked up a buck chuck up Jack up did
it up upper wow it's amazing that did
that do that you know the total change
in demeanor in this animal having
scented meat both of them as they look
for the source of food look at this the
others are coming in as well two more
behind us make sure you watch your backs
as well because they are everywhere now
look at the difference in speed and
attitude all of a sudden it's become
completely clear why this animal has to
be on the deadly 60 list when they're
prowling like this when they're hunting
all of a sudden they become totally
formidable my goodness that and that
I've hung the meat in the tree just
meters away but for the moment that's
not what they're interested in
okay they're coming in coming in towards
me
watch my back guys if you see anything
just let me know
I cannot believe that's total change in
attitude of this animal no no no no no
no no as soon as they got food on the
brain they change from a slumbering
slow-moving creature into a predatory
dinosaur and all of a sudden they're not
just hunting the meat they're hunting us
I have to say I really wasn't expecting
this
whoa whoa okay one of the Dragons has
the meat over there look staring into it
Wow
I can see into its mouth the kerbs
backward-facing teeth and look at the
tail thrashing around I cannot believe
I'm this closer than feeding Wow
that's incredible it's actually climbed
up the other mail to get stuck into the
food komodo dragons are a little bit
like crocodiles in that they struggle to
chew their food they need to take a bite
and then use their body strength to rip
chunks out of the meat and that's
exactly what this animals doing now
these animals are capable of taking in
almost their own body weight in food in
a single sitting and then after a meal
like that they could go for weeks
without having to eat again
initially this was very very frightening
indeed because it was obvious that the
animals had become very very excited by
the scent of blood but hadn't yet found
something to be Don and they were
concentrating on us now Komodo dragons
have very very occasionally attacked and
even killed human beings but you can see
that once an easy source of food is
available they're not focusing on us
anymore
they're just centered on the meat in all
my years of wildlife watching this has
been one of the very few times I've
genuinely felt like an animal would
attack me if it got the chance as scary
but remarkable experience